To label a piece of open-source software as “the worst” is unfair in my eyes; at the end of the day, these code modules owe nothing to you personally and you should never expect anything of them.  If a library has implementations you disagree with, you could always re-write a version better suited for your needs.  Most importantly, the culture surrounding the open-source world incubates innovation: if people ever felt unmotivated to develop libraries for public use, then the rate at which ideas are iterated upon and further developed could plateau.  Considering the number of prominent standards for building web applications that have been created as a result of contributions from the open-source world, this is definitively a space that should be protected.

However, I have had some poor past experiences with open-source libraries. One specific example is the MediaInfo* tool.  This is an executable program that takes an input media file and outputs detailed technical information about it.  It is particularly useful for analyzing codecs and reading bitrates, as well as identifying audio tracks.  During my time with MLB Advanced Media, this tool was a lynchpin in our ecosystem as we parsed incoming media, packaged it up properly, and distributed it out to the content delivery network.  Our workflow would execute the MediaInfo tool from the JVM as an executable, capturing the raw text output in the form of XML and then parsing it into a POJO on our end before continuing with our business logic.  Since this library did not provide a JAR with their own types to marshal into, we were critically tied to their naming conventions as we parsed.  When any of the names in the XML document changed, our parser would break and our workflow would error out.

I bring this tool up because it taught me the real importance of backwards compatibility and semantic versioning, the latter of which I used to think of as mainly an aesthetic decision.  This tool is currently on version 0.7.99 (and I believe I started working with it back in 0.7.71 or so).  It has received neither a minor nor major version upgrade, yet I know there are breaking changes in the XML output of this tool between patch versions.  Even more infuriating was the content of these changes: oftentimes simply replacing the display of units (e.g. `Mbps` -> `mb/s`).  I can’t discount the purpose of these changes as insignificant as they may appear, but I can make the argument that a more distinct version upgrade was warranted in these cases.  It is reckless for an open-source library to misuse its semantic versioning as it is oftentimes the only meaningful communication between developer and client (who reads change logs anyways?).

```cmd
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MediaInfo
```
